fix(aggrid): Fix peer dependency version requirement (#2469)
siemens/ix: .changeset/angry-peaches-sell.md

---
"@siemens/ix-aggrid": patch
---

> The `ix-aggrid` peer dependency for `ag-grid-community` has been adjusted to allow all versions 33 and up as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ix-aggrid` peer dependency for `ag-grid-community` has been adjusted to allow all versions 33, 34 and 35.
```
